>>> In the weeks since the October 7th
attacks in Israel killing thousands Israelis,
including women, children, and doing so with some
barbaric way, we have seen a rise of anti-semitism
around the world, particularly here in the U.S.
Jew hate, senate minority leader chuck Schumer,
just addressed this crisis in a
powerful speech on the senate floor.
>> I have noticed the significant disparity
between how jewish people regard the rise of
anti-semitism and how many of my non-jewish
friends regard it. To us, the jewish people,
the rise of anti-semitism is a crisis. A
five-alarm fire that must be extinguished.
[12:09:10 PM]
extinguished. For so many other people
of good will, it is merely a problem,
a matter of concern. After October 7th, jewish
Americans are feeling singled out, targeted and
isolated. In many ways, we feel alone.
>> Melanie zanona joins me from capitol
hill. It's so interesting to hear somebody
like chuck Schumer say what he just said and
really take up the mantle to speak for Jews
in America in a way that we don't always hear
jewish leaders, even chuck Schumer.
>> It is personal. He's the highest
ranking jewish law maker in the country and
she felt compelled to speak out and to draw
attention to what he views as a crisis
in the country. He tipped off a number of
[12:10:15 PM]
He tipped off a number of incidents, and
he also described what it fell like to hear
some of his fellow citizens say that
the war was justified in some way. A
message that could have been directed a the
some of the members of his own party. This
comes as congress has been wrestling
with an aid package. As of right now,
that package really hinges on whether they can
find bipartisan agreement on a border security
provision package. That is the complex issue.
As you know, it's something that is long alluded
Washington for many years. We'll see if they can
get it done. As of right now, they are trying to
make some progress hoping to get a handshake on
that part of the package. Could see something
on the floor, but it's a high task over here
in congress to get something like that done.